# SOLO FINAL
Last solo project for IDSN531

# PROPOSAL
The approach I will take for the individual final project, in the most simplified explanation, is this: I will be working on my personal project site as a hypothetical advertisement for the technical contractor work I did in undergrad as well as before starting the MS program. What that means is that the target audience for this site would largely be people involved in creating tech products who might be interested in the services of someone versed in system programming, embedded programming, and hardware development including circuit design as well as industrial design. However, there will also a significant difference between a technical contracting services site I would want for myself from 5-10 years ago versus one I would want for myself now — since I have a much better working knowledge of frontend programming and UI/UX design (thanks to this class) on a functional and not just theoretical level, I plan to include references to that as well. That would mean not only saying or showing I could create a site similar to the one for the project, but even marry that UI/UX knowledge to the aforementioned embedded programming and industrial design to give full-spectrum physical development from the wires to the screen.

Functionally, the site would be laid out similarly to what I have already made over the last several weeks: an index page with important information about myself relevant to the services advertised, a project gallery-type page showing highlighted past projects, a bio/history page with more in-depth information about the person and relevant works, and a contact page. Pages themselves would broadly feature transitions and screen optimizations already present in work submissions from previous weeks, with adjustments made as appropriate to best fit this particular project. The color palette will likely be changed as well, also subject to change will be decorations relating to page content. Fine details of the transitions would also differ from what was featured in the previous weeks’ submissions as well, namely in how links, body copy, and images appear as pages are loaded. Content itself would also differ in being more focused not on me the person but me the service provider.
